Update the pages on transport configs (#531)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/synapse-properties/pull/proxy-service-add-properties-pull.md

To add service-level transport parameters to a proxy service:

> 1.  Open your proxy service artifact in **Visual Studio Code**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Open your proxy service artifact in **MI VS Code extension**.
```
